Everyone is bad
The second young master broke in with him
My good sister-in-law
I want you to eat tonight
The Lu family can only be mine
Can't go in
Brother Shuhuan
My brother died
Who allowed you to stay in my Lu family to have children?
You shameless
I still think it's expensive.
Went
big or small
It's not your turn to call the shots in the Lu family
Grandpa Li
The Lu family is passed down from male to female
Big brother is dead
From now on, I will be the master of the Lu family
Ahahaha
Work hard and it will come out soon.
The girl in the perfunctory area
Young Master is gone
But the wife is still pregnant with Lu Jiang, the heir to the Lu family
You, a housekeeper, are also in charge of the master's affairs
Stop pretending
Who doesn't know that he Su Hua is pregnant with a money-losing product?
How can a girl inherit the Lu family?
Do it!
I see who dares
Who said I gave birth to a daughter?
Lu Jiaming
You don't have to kneel and say goodbye if you are in a hurry to see your nephew
I don't believe it.
Unless you show me the baby
The second uncle is in charge here
Do you still dare to roll around?
second uncle
Show me the child.
Yes, it's a boy.
This is the heir of my Lu family
teach